There was compilable, partly deobfuscated code. Now it's not there. But it will come back when it's ready.

(deprecated) - and here is why:

So I finnaly found easy enough for me to use [deobfuscators](https://github.com/j2me-preservation/j2me-preservation/tree/master/Decomp) which gave momentum to this whole thing as the Proguard, name obfuscated only [code](https://github.com/BaalNetbek/gof2.jar-decomp) I had before was pretty awful to work with.  

This is my attempt to deobfuscate to readable from GoF2 code after deobfuscating it initially with [Proguard](https://github.com/j2me-preservation/j2me-preservation/blob/master/Decomp/ProGuard%20Deobfuscator.zip) then decompiling with some version of Fernflower on [a website](http://www.javadecompilers.com/) which gave me code with only few artifacts that prevented recompiling but unfortunately as it turned out later Proguard deobfuscating does't guarantee non duplicate method names across diffrient classes. That's why you can find Station AbyssEngine::AEBinaryResourceManager::operatorEquals(int) which is a function loading station from file but turned out having the same name as a function from AEVector3D that was a problem becouse *Rename in files* functionality in my text editor. 

I could start over, which I really did't want to do again as I already have messed I think 2 of such attempts (thats why I put it on git this time) using [Fernflower](https://github.com/j2me-preservation/j2me-preservation/tree/master/Decomp/FernFlower%20Decompiler) deobfuscation which doesn't have that problem but has others (*can't just deobfuscate but has to decompile at the same time, it decompiles and that decompiled code in it's self is just uglier than code decompiled with this online verion I mentioned before ...now I think I could fix I compile it and decompile again with that other decompiler*) or find and destroy dublications in names manualy (*boooring*) so I searched. In the web instead of spider I refound Recaf 2 (*it was already in my downloads folder for a long time but this time I figured out how to used it, how conviniet and awesome it is*) and switched to it which caused this source obsolete becouse from then my new renames are no longer saved in .java files but in mapping - format simple file.

Then Recaf 2 also crapped and I switched to Recaf 4. In general Recaf allows modding source of .jar or .class skipping user the decompilation step.